hello and welcome to another episode of
and there you have it spring is a pause
and we want to be outside and we want to
be skewering up a couple of shish kebabs
so I'm Armenian and we're going to be
making some great armenian shish kebab
along with that my dad's simple and easy
rice pilaf so let's go
you
and there you have it now the first
thing we want to do is we want to make
the marinade for the meat and this is
going to have to sit in the fridge for I
like to do it 24 hours so what you want
to do is prepare this around the time
you plan on eating dinner the next day
so first and foremost we're going to
make the liquid portion and that's going
to consist of a half a cup of red wine
any dry red wine doesn't matter and then
we have a one-fourth cup of tomato paste
just toss that in will have a white
shirt we're going to have some great
times with that okay be careful now and
then we have one-fourth cup of extra
virgin olive oil and we also have two
tablespoons of red wine vinegar going to
be a little more careful this time than
that one now we take our whisk right
here and you just want to whisk that up
nice and easy just like so so that the
tomato paste sort of dissolves a little
bit in the rest of the liquid then we
are going to add two cloves and finely
chopped garlic just like this and one
softball sized onion finely chopped just
toss all those at onions right in there
and then you want to go ahead and give
that a quick mix again it's going to be
really oniony I'm really garlicky almost
like a bit of a paste and the last thing
you want to do is you want to toss in
your spices I just mix them all into one
bowl just toss that in and try to mix
that up as even as you possibly can and
then we are going to have one and a half
pounds of either lamb which is the shish
of the shish kebab so if you don't use
lamb it's no longer a shish kebab it's
actually a beef kebab chicken kebab you
can use whatever you want then chop it
up into little squares or you can ask
your butcher and they can do it for you
they'll chop it up into squares
it's pretty simple you can get yourself
a roast of some sort and just chop it up
into little skewer size squares but
anyway so you're going to toss that
right in just like that toss it all the
way and don't be afraid to get your
fingers dirty because this is going to
get dirty but I promise you it's worth
it so what you want to do is you really
want to mix this up as much as you can
so that every piece of meat is
completely covered and once you've done
that just kind of settle it down in the
bottom give your hands a quick quick
rinse and we're going to cover this and
we're going to toss it right into the
fridge for a good 24 hours
okay now that our marinade has been
marinating for 24 hours we're going to
actually start the cooking process for
dinner so the first thing you want to do
is get your rice started we're going to
make a rice pilaf it's a very simple
rice pilaf but very tasty so grab
yourself about three tablespoons of
butter you're going to toss out the pan
and get it started okay you just want to
bring that you know to a medium heat
we're going to melt it but while we're
doing that we also want a little bit of
spaghetti just get like you know good I
don't know quarter size of the way I
judge it is looking at this angle here
and that's about the size of a quarter
right there and that's probably too much
so I'll take just a tiny bit away from
that but that's about right what you
want okay and what you're going to do is
you're actually going to crack this into
tiny little pieces so what I like to do
is just snap off the bottom so that the
length of them are about that long about
that long okay take a pork or whatever
you want to do your met your butter is
melting like that what you're going to
do is you're going to mix it in just
like this and essentially what you're
trying to do is brown these okay now
these are about brown they're about
where I like them nice golden brown as
you can see not burnt but golden brown
so once they're at that color then
you're going to add the rice I've got
one cup of rice here and always with
rice as I always say double the water so
again use cold water if you want it to
sit in the rice so we got two cups of
rice our one right
we're going to go with two cups of water
since I have the noodles in there i'm
going to add another cup of water for
the noodles okay don't you want to do is
bring that up to a boil so you want to
turn that on high bring it to a boil as
soon as it boils bring it down to a
simmer cover it and leave it for about a
half hour let's begin so I like to go
here just all you got to do is grab a
piece of meat stab it right through the
center get it all the way you want to
leave a little space there so that you
have a place to flip these when you're
ready to flip them on the on the growth
and then it's up to you however you want
I like to do an onion right up near
there then let's go with the tomato
right down the center how about another
piece of meat just like that yeah get in
there perfect then right down the center
I'm not a huge fan of green peppers but
they do add a nice color so I'm going to
put one there just for color and then
what we'll do is we'll do the same
combination again onion tomato and one
more piece of meat right on the skewer
that seems to be just about right enough
space where you can spin it like that
we're going to do the whole set pretty
simple I'll see you back here when we're
done with that
ok I'll rice is looking good starting to
look really nice I gave it a little stir
as soon as it came to a boil and I
brought it down to a simmer and covered
it I'm just going to leave that and the
next thing now that this is hot and
butter you just grab these and I'm just
going to put all eight of these down
right here so soon as this one side for
about six to seven minutes after about
six minutes or so I'm going to flip it
over to the other side do about six
minutes and then I'll just kind of
rotate them to my taste I like about
medium but some people like him well
done some people a little rare but for
me it's a good medium I do about six
minutes on each side pretty much ready
to go enjoy
alright it's time for plating let's go
grab your rice just like that it is done
what we're going to do is we are going
to scoop right down the center of the
plate a couple of nice big scoops kind
of even it out over the plate just like
so now some people like to pull these
off the skewer for the people i
personally let them do that so i just
pull them right off like that like I
said I'm doing for foreplay grab two at
a time don't burn yourself whoo smells
so good turn those off Armenian shish
kebab and my dad's rice pilaf mmm and
there you have it
you